---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spherontest_marketplace_instance Resource - terraform-provider-spherontest"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Instnce resource
---

# spherontest_marketplace_instance (Resource)

Instnce resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the marketplace app.
- `region` (String) Region to which to deploy instance.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of instance replicas.
- `storage` (Number) Instance storage in GB. Value cannot exceed 1024GB

### Optional

- `cpu` (String) Instance CPU. Value cannot exceed 1024GB
- `env` (Attributes Set) The list of environmetnt variables. NOTE: Some marketplace apps have required env variables that must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env))
- `machine_image` (String) Machine image name which should be used for deploying instance.
- `memory` (String) Instance Memory in GB.
- `persistent_storage` (Attributes) Persistent storage that will be attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_storage))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id or the instance.
- `ports` (Attributes List) The list of port mappings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env`

Required:

- `key` (String) Environment variable key.
- `value` (String) Environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--persistent_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_storage`

Required:

- `class` (String) Storage class. Available classes are HDD, SSD and NVMe
- `mount_point` (String) Attachement point used fot attaching persistent storage.
- `size` (Number) Persistent storage in GB. Value cannot exceed 1024GB


<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Read-Only:

- `container_port` (Number) Container port that will be exposed.
- `exposed_port` (Number) The port container port will be exposed to. Exposed port will be know and available for use after the deployment.


